{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The anti Larry David:\
	I am the anti Larry David. First of all he\'92s funny. But when I think about standing up for social norms, I don\'92t daydream myself as a beacon of society, but am worried that everyone will turn on me instead. Let me give you an example\
Some kid on my flight the other day was playing his video game  WITH THE SOUND ON. No headphones, just blaring out everysingle coin he got with a *beep* and *ka-ching*. When I was mustering the courage to go tell him to shut up, I CONVINCED myself this is what would happen:\
I come over , kinda kneel down and politely but sternly tell him to stop. Then he started crying, and his mother called me an asshole. Apparently he\'92s autistic. this is how he socialized. Like he took his headphones on, so that everyone could play with him. That this was actually a breakthrough and I ruined it. As I walk back to my seat, the autistic screeches start howling, and everyone is looking at me like its MY fault\'85 So I spent the rest of my flight pissed at this fictional autistic kid, and was powerless to do anything about it\
\
\
U to V:\
	Sometimes English as a language is so lazy. Like why do we need a V and U, they are the same letter, but without the point. This is what I tell myself, so that when I look at my U (points to belly) and tell myself its basically a V, like how hot guys have.\
Tag: Riff about noticing Geoffs V and like damn that\'92s hot\
\
\
\
Kooky, not Kinky:\
I, like most people, love to cum hard. Like that is sole definer of what I am into. Because of this, I am absolutely scared of experimentation. If I find something that makes me cum just a little bit harder, boom that\'92s all I am doing. And I am not scared of finding a fetish I like, those are relatively normalized, Im way more afraid of the Kooky, not the Kinky.\
Like what if I try some food play, innocent enough. You know strawberries and whip cream. But then I find I cum a bit harder with whip cream on my head. No doubt, a few weeks later, I am putting cans of that shit on my head. I can\'92t afford that, I\'92m a grad student; Every time I wanna orgasm, I gotta blow 6:50 on two cans of the good stuff\'85\
\
\
\
Inigo Montoya Intro:\
\
Any Princess Bride fans in the house? Love that movie. We all remember:\
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die\
\
I love that line, cause it concisely does 4 things: (use fingers for each entry)\
1 Polite Greeting\
2 Name\
3 Relevant Personal Link\
4 Manage Expectations. \
\
So I guess my version would be: (Do the fingers again)\
Hello. My name is Neil Leonard. Comedian Tom Segura saved my life. I am hoping to gradaute from shitty Seth Rogen to just Seth Rogen Adjacent. \
\
\
\
}