{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	While reading Dennet\'92s \'93Darwin\'92s Dangerous Idea\'94 I was reminded of an old train of thought, and am hoping to find it again by exploring the concept here. I was reminded when Dennet explore Locke\'92s \'93proof\'94 that the primal being must be of mind, because (paraphrasing) mindless matter could never create mind, therefor it all must have started with mind. This kind of thinking, while forgein in to a modern reader, was par for the course at the time. The mind-body dualism was much more of a tangible dicotomoty. Though Darwin, we were able to see how \'93mindless matter\'94 could create the mind. While at the time this interpretation was skittered around; remember that church still had to power to kill people that thought outlaid in those day. The post modern thinker does not have much of an issue with this idea: that evolution through natural section created the great diversity of life, including \'93mind\'94. It is  in this, that the  modern thinking has taken \'93Darwin\'92s materialism\'94 at whole clothe.\
\
By not needing anything more than the materials at hand (whether it be atoms, molecules or in Darwins case, monkeys) everything could be explain with some statistics and dynamics. With this a whole swath of intellectual property was put on the free market, torn from the hands of the clergy. But this act was not alone, in both the decades preceding and following his dangerous idea, the Descartian revolution had finally taken hold, and the fields of Classical Mechanics and thermodynamics had been created from scratch. With the proper idea of what mathematical materials to work with, these fields almost fell out of the collective conscious of the thinkers of the time. We see something similar with the development of Quantum Mechanics: once proper parameterization of the \'93mathematical materials\'94 were found to explain this cosmic weirdness, the implications were found furiously and extensively. Quantum Mechanics was really a revolution, largely explored in the first 10 years of its life. Now I know enough to tell you that we could spend a lifetime chewing on the implication of QM, and that other quantum developments have happened since then. But it still stands that the QM revolution was unprecedented, and nothing since has come close to so throughly washing the physics world. \
But the thrust is this: it is though materialism that the divide between the mystical and the real become clear. Axiomatic and scientific reasoning is predicated on the ability to agree on the materials in which to base it\'92s theorems on. So it is no surprise that all great scientific revolutions come from a new or unique basis in which to view those atomic-materials with. I find that this is something squarely lost in physics today. The meandering since Schrodinger and the ilk have left us disconnected with concrete, and only have weight in their limited predictive power. As such, the \'93what\'94 of modern theory is someone gone, and of course then we are completely lost. I thought I may fix that, but fuckkkkk QFT sucks.\
\
}