{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	I have been pondering a lot on this idea lately that the issues in life are not totally about identifying what\'92s wrong, and gathering the power to fix it. There is a great and underused power in just simply asking yourself what situation are you in? What the actual problems you are facing, or what should this part of my life be like, as opposed to the broader what should (my) life be like?I am in a situation where my concepts of sexual pair bonding are not where I want them to be. I have gone through it many times, and dissected the imprints (my parents relationships) that have made this the focus of what I think my situation is. But this is the broader question that I said earlier is a distraction. What is my situation. I am in my apartment in Madison, while I finish my Master\'92s degree. I have autonomy that I will NEVER get back, but I am stewing and withering in my imprints. This is why I am here now, in front of this computer. To finally acknowledge where I am at, not what I need to fix. \
\
	I am in a process of self-discovery, where I am falling in love with MYSELF. I am not discarding my Imprints, rather acknowledging the rest of my life, and not consuming myself in them. I love myself, and I will be loved, even if I won\'92t solve all that right now and forever. \
\
Something I have been repeating to myself when overwhelmed:\
		You rationalized staying with Danielle because \'93maybe she could be my wife\'94\
		You will find a place to put your heart.\
\
	But lets look at that last statement: \'93You fill find a place to put your heart\'94. I am so fixated on the word \'93place\'94 in that statement, as that was the struggle of my parents. But the situation I am in now is what is \'93your heart\'94. Find it brother. I know you will. You have so many passions and so much ambition. Lets find out what that means now okay? Where to put it is for later to worry about. I love you, I know I have said that a lot today, but self love is hard for you. You DESERVE it okay. Thanks for being you\'85\
\
\
\
}