{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	The effort to be alive feels like a mighty act of courage everyday. Maybe I am finally dealing with the trauma of coming back here, some standard transitioning and some was just crazy shit that just happened to happen. One hopes that their life is like a smooth laminar flow. Smoothly and seamlessly moving from one bend to the other. But mine is like a lake behind a dam. Deep and stagnant. Through much effort, everyday I try to poke a hole in the damn. By the next morning the efficiency city workers (ha) have plugged it up and it is stronger than before. The will to live is a complicated question for me. I feel like this is not the same for others. Maybe similar, but mine feels idiosyncratic. The understandings I took from Godel created hopelessness. Perhaps this is why I felt close to Sartre and the emotional explanation of Existentialism. Why must everyday be like a theorem I must reprove over and over again. Where do people come up with the courage to take on the day everyday. My life is an emotional cacophony, and that doesn\'92t help me be a physicist. It doesn\'92t help me be anything. FUck. Here I am doing another melodramatic post. This isn\'92t going anywhere, dear reader, so please stop. I wish I could\'85\
\
\
Ole Tommy was talking about a footballer today. Now what I took away from it had nothing to do with the football, cause obviously, but it felt very pertinent to my situation. Almost identical. I was a star math-lete in college. So much so, that it was just about showing up. I showed up. But now that I am here, there is no resolve. For well anything, hence the drama above. I know what my natural talent (was), and I am not pursuing it. It wasn\'92t me. But I\'92m not sure what I am . I really don\'92t know. \
\
This conversation reminds me of my lose of ego after college. I was so confused just by the notion of self, in particular \'93I\'94. This is a very important breaking point for my brain in particular. I am sure others have experienced it, but it is strange enough that I truly feel alone. Reading this, I must look psychotic. Possibly because I am. But I can not explain how hard it was, and still is, for me to wrap my head around this notion of \'93I\'94. An \'91adult\'92 with multiple stem degrees, could not handle what most everyone swims through on a daily basis. I feel that I have this privilege perspective (obviously, look at my self important writing style), where I am closer to the fire of subjectivity that others. This is what gave me power to do not math. This is why I swallowed existentialism so quickly: it was like pointing out a fire that is burning me. Of course I see it, its my biggest issue right now. In some ways I enjoy this unique perspective. But I am burning up. I don\'92t know what to do. I do know if I have met anyone that can understand. I want that. I just want to be safe again. I want this fire off of me\'85\
\
\
 }