{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Putting a name to something is incredibly powerful. The heart of alchemy, at least in the EarthSea series. Putting a name to my struggle, BPD or Borderline Personality Disorder, has given me that analytical power. Although I do not think it is the ultimate tool to explain myself, it has proved very useful in the more acute sensations. I have immense feelings. Feels that are bloated and too big for me to handle. My coping mechanisms make sense, as they are all about distracting. My inability to focus, to remain calm, and the tidal wave of depression, all seem to point to BPD. The triggering mentality, when I feel truly broken, seems to come from this. Just being alive can be so immense. Thoughts that fixate and are too big to ignore, all of this makes some semblance of sense. I am not sure what to do with this information though. I should follow up with a professional. Calming to feel like at least I understand the problem somewhat, I am not just arbitrarily broken. \
\
You should have seen how excited I was to talk to Jason today. I think it was a mixture of not feeling alone and that he actually has dealt with the issue. I have not so much. But that fifteen minutes gave me so many ideas, and most importantly hope. I am not sure if its a part of BPD, but hope is hard to find sometimes. I am finding it though. Lets just follow through on this yeah?\
\
\
}