{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Short form version (aka all my ideas that might be funny)\
\
Hot takes:\
\
So they started putting seeds in cig butts, so that carelessly discarded cigs will plant trees. SO I have been flicking them all over the place. My brand isn\'92t doing this, but I feel pretty good about it\
\
(Zach thought this should be a hot take, so idk)\
Serial killers take off all their clothes when they poop. Folded and everything (don\'92t really have a set up for this one\'85)\
\
Bits:\
\
Tall Privilege:\
	Perks:\
		Don\'92t have to Peacock\
		Everybody listens to you. People think that\'92s just male privilege, but secretly tall 		privilege. \
		Casually way better at sports\
\
I am into a new type of voyuerism, reading other peoples texts.\
Examples:\
	\'91I just don\'92t know how I feel about my baby yet\'92\
	\'91sorry for what you walked in on, but thanks for welcoming Jenny into the family\'92\
	\'91great to see you, you looked as sexy as ever :)\'92 (message sent to Aunt Becky)\
\
When some asshole is playing video games (Sonic eg) on a plane, I don\'92t daydream about telling them off and being lauded for it (the Larry David dream), but just the opposite: that everyone shames ME\
Tag: this is why I don\'92t take my shoes off on an airplane\
Transition: to accidentally racist.\
\
Accidentally Racist: I had a meeting that I thought was going well, and suddenly ended. I was so confused, in rehashing it over and over in my brain I convinced myself I said something really racist with out even noticing. I just found out like a week ago that Gyp is racist towards gypsys, and the guys name was Meryln\'85\
Tag: Or doing something really rascist, like vote for Trump\
TagTag: Trust me, that plays real well in Portland\
\
\
Met a dude, thought he was a douchebag the moment I met him. Introduced himself as David (pronounced da-veed) And I was like WOW okay even more douchy than I thought. He kept talking, turns out he\'92s German\'85\
\
I really got more of a U than a V. \
\
I, like everyone else, love to cum hard. Thats why I am scared to experiment AT ALL sexually. What If I really like something kooky, and I can\'92t cum any other way. Scared of Kooky not Kinky. Like I just need whip cream on my head\
\
\
I am trying to find my voice in this exercise, but Depressed White Guy seems to be pretty played in this market\'85.\
\
1 Polite Greeting\
2 Name\
3 Relevant Personal Link\
4 Manage Expectations. \
\
Brides maid quote:\
	Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die\
My version\
	Hello. My name is Neil Leonard. Comedian Tom Segura saved my life. I am just hoping to gradaute from shitty Seth Rogen to Seth Rogen Adjacent. \
\
Can we talk about the mechanical death traps filled with drunk people, you know, the one where all the dumbasses group bike down the street? Never have I seen celebrate more, for doing less since seeing comm majors graduate.\
\
I spend a lot of time bouncing off bit ideas with my girlfriend. And through this I have realized that she\'92s the funny one. Which sucks, cause I get the worst of both worlds. I come up here and embarrass myself, and when I go home, she gets all the glory cause they are her jokes\'85\
\
I love 4/10 jokes. I always have. It\'92s the glue that holds my life together. Your best friends are the ones your laughing with even if the material isn\'92t great. To live a good life you HAVE to enjoy them. Making happiness what is, instead of what could be is  key\'85 So my girlfriend is ugly, and I love her to pieces\
\
\
\
\
}