{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The emergence of true artificial intelligence\
\
Evolving continually, from the beginning to end, with a single or small set of loss functions, current artificial implementations of AI to create the set of tools (hopefully) necessary to create mind. This just may be too linear of an approach. Borrowing from the Chomsky perspective, language, the generator of mind, has its toolstools are prefabricated. This may imply that true artificial intelligence is only going to come when our already complicated and sophisticated computer technology is collected, and the individual tools can be repurposed towards the emergent property\'92s end. Only by becoming a gestalt, can information technology transition towards the domain of mind. \
\
Chomsky interpretation of the brain \'97 an extension\
\
Chomsky adheres to a universal language that is innate to the human mind. To make sense of this, one must take the view point of the early human brain having a great set of logical systems. These systems occupy the base level of mind: instinct. This is distinct by the syntax and semantics that defines the full power of the human mind. To be clear: Chomsky is saying that the syntax is innate, just sets of relations that are already in the mind, which are then chained together in a novel way to create semantics, or Language. This is something you can feel, when teaching yourself something very new. Personally, when teaching myself basic piano skills, I can feel my mind making these new connections , starting to understand. With even short but consistent sets of training, the mind can wrap its head around extremely arbitrary sets, i.e all the different fingerings of the major scale. When playing them, I am not consciously thinking what the pattern in, but letting my mind do the work. Trying to move my fingers purposely will make me make mistakes, losing my subconscious rhythm of the movement. }