{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Topics:\
Secondary effects\
	envelopment by a book\
	\'93feels\'94 correct\
	the obsession with the primary reason and its primary effects, and lose the reality of the experience is the secondary effects. \
		\
Free think: \
The secondary effects. A clear fixation on its use and essences has been deeply on the minds lately. From a certain perspective, it completely envelopes this central idea to my previous thinking: the inherent elusiveness of an observed rReality. Whether partial or complete.  The importance of the secondary effects is an affirmation of the elusiveness. The tension that the elusiveness naturally brings upon its self, that while explanation and observance is elusive their is inevitably SOMETHING that exists, is naturally situated with the Secondary Effect: that we are subsumed by the secondary effects of our primary actions and observances. By focusing on the secondary effects, we are affirming our short coming of understanding, while poised to make significant observations into those shortcomings. \
Here is where the alchemist sits. It\'92s distance from scientific objectivism and materialism is their power, strength, but also discomfort. By offering the big twist first, they gain power, but lose themselves in the woods. The maps they create are no less actual or potentially useful, but they lose their ability to find their way exactly home. Essentially, they are off the grid, but not too far away to make use of its tools and norms. Many of lifes questions come from the void outside of the grids lights, and the alchemist is person groping those depths to discover the world\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Today my brain was filled with thoughts of sleep and dreams. The act of sleeping has always freaked me out in a strange way, as its in direct opposition to the \'93rational\'94 world that humans have created. Obviously this tension speaks more to our primitive common sense and sleep is needed much more than we need to know why. My thought pattern started here:\
\
You know that feeling when you try to do just \'93one more thing\'94 after a long day. One more arbitrary thing: you need to answer these emails or clean these dishes. You\'92re not into it. You made order all day. This is how I feel all the time, like I\'92ve never reset and been doing just one more task for hundreds of day. Why couldn\'92t my \'91dreams\'92 cleanse me of this feeling at let me do more tasks. This is the fertile grounds I began my thoughts. It holds rarefied air, because it is just this place between reason and irrationality that the alchemic sits. Plunging against the great irrationality of sleep and all that it is to find meaning is the alchemist job. Let\'92s take a look\
\
The first thought that seemed worthwhile was  this: I always (well maybe until recently) have thought of myself as someone that can learn anything, but I struggle very hard to become the person that learns that thing. If you indulge me a bit, rationality chains are something that feel very comfortable to me, but its this act of sleep where we destroy and scramble these chains is the challenging part to me. I wanted to think about this subject because I really feel at an emotional level, that the psychosis that lack of sleep creates is similar to what\'92s happening to me. Maybe on a different scale, but the mechanism feels so similar. I can spend all day getting into the \'91zone\'94 to do one thing, but I can\'92t just wake up and jump in. I can\'92t really jump into life. Maybe just ramblings, but it\'92s correct. \
\
}