{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	School starts tomorrow\'85 \
\
	I get to be here. I get to take these classes and work with Lisa. God I am so nervous. Its hard to be confident when I am in this existential spiral. But lets do it! One step at a time. I was stoopid overwhelmed this morning. I always am in the mornings. You survived a Jeff class. Back to back even. You will do this. You will survive. I love you dude. Lets get it. Sorry for the lame entry but I\'92m allllll over the place right now.\
\
\
Just finished adding classes. Doing this entry piece-meal today. I just want to keep writing. To keep putting into my head this is what you do. I would go more into what I thought about today, but just more of the psycho-sexual diatribe in my head. Going over it more would just ruin the place I am in now. Will I ever get back to exploring thoughts? Yeah probably. Something I thought about this summer is that I am just too scared to start. This is \'93easier\'94 in a way. Obviously not. But I did what I needed to. Figured out the other classes I may take, got mentally prepared to think again (how novel), and signed up for 990 credits. I am so grateful to Lisa, Fuck. Best part of this experience for sure. She loves me for who I am, something that I have a hard time finding in the world and in myself. \
\
\
I want to stop playing my stupid phone game while smoking cigarrettes. That would be HUGE for me. They just are the some fucking impulse at this point. It makes me smoke more cigs, and not like my game anymore. Coming back, I played my stupid phone game, and had this feeling. It was a memory of a feeling, of what it used to be like to play that game. It was kind of amazing. Not the feeling per say, just the idea that I used to have this whole other experience with it. It really reminds me of the separation between things and activities in our life, and our subjective feelings. We so often have this singular notion of an object or activity, when the actual experience is idiosyncratic. This idea is always elucidated when looking at how different people experience Metal Music. What on the outside sounds so dark, and well just murdery, fills the people who love it with joy. Metal music has no object experience. Nothing does. Even though we always try to say so. The Map is not the Territory.  }