{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	There is something that I read recently (I really hope so at least, if I was so moved by  a tv show Ill be disappointed), that stuck with me. Stuck with me in that way where you don\'92t bother to write it down because \'93it seems so clear\'94\'85 Im sure that many if not most of \'91mans\'92 best thoughts were lost this way. Obviously I forgot the exact structure, and totally forgot where I had heard it, but I will jot down my inner monolloughes attempt to discover it again.\
\
I fear pain but not suffering, but I do not fear the experience of pain while I am filled with anguish for my sufferings . To suffering the potent antivenin is joy. But for pain, the cure is comfort. Comfort is imbolizing, it is complacent. A negation of life. While the throughs of suffering may be wild at times, they are oscillations from positive to negative life. It is a dynamic relationship, filled with the actions of life. A negative aspect of life, but not a negation. An important distinction even though their etymology seems so similar.\
I feel pain for what it will make me do to myself, while I fear the act of suffering and all its negative aspects. Conquering fear with comfort will kill you, while comforting suffering with joy will make your life broader. The anti-fragilian knows how he feels about this one. \
\
\
Author to author. Why do I like this idea so much? It\'92s because it cuts to a tension that is very real to your life. You, maybe more that the average but probably not, have a fair share of pain and suffering. Maybe they come from the same source so they r the same thing, but that\'92s for another conversation. I think you fear both, quite a bit. They have kinda smudged into each other. But the real problem is that you use the same tacit to fix both, comfort. But the cure to suffering is not comfort. This is what\'92s destroying you. Its not really fixing your suffering, and its making you think that everything is pain. You NEED to split these apart and deal with them (relatively) separately. Good luck. I found you the path, you gotta do the research. }